Add Memory Leaks section (#28776)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/services/service_page.md

{{< img src="profiler/apm_service_page_pivot_to_contention_comparison_1.mp4" alt="Pivoting from APM service page to Profiling comparison page to find the line of code causing latency" video=true >}}

> ### Memory Leaks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Memory leaks
```

> If you have set up [Continuous Profiler][15], and the service is running in a containerized environment you'll see the [Memory Leaks][24] tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you set up the [Continuous Profiler][15] and the service is running in a containerized environment, the [Memory Leaks][24] tab becomes available.
```

> It'll guide you through a workflow for identifying potential memory leaks and showing the most actionable data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It guides you through a workflow for identifying potential memory leaks and shows the most actionable data.
```
